a home page; about us page; maybe a product, services, or inventory page, and a contact page
use code snippets for some components such as an accordion, carousel, modal, and hover effects. 
Below is a list of requirements for your web projects:

Incorporate HTML5 elements to give code semantic meaning. Code should not be all DIVS. 
See the following code which includes HTML5 elements such as nav, section, main, header, article, etc.
You should use a framework such as Bootstrap or Bulma to make the website responsive. If you decide to 
code it from scratch, you should then use CSS Flexbox and CSS Grid to set up responsive, 
multi-column layouts. If you use a framework, you need to customize its styles.
Customize the framework program to give your web project a unique look. You can do this by simply 
setting up CSS overrides. For example, if you want to remove the rounded corners from buttons, you 
would set up a style rule targeting .btn and setting the border radius value to 0. Another option 
is to use SASS just like you did in the Review Assignment and Project 1.
Follow good design principles relating to colors, typography, layouts, etc. Choose "web fonts" 
such as those available for free use at fonts.google.com. See the Canvas modules for links to 
online design articles.
Choose quality images that abide by copyright laws. Use an image editing program (i.e., Photo- shop, PhotoScape) 
to perform any required editing and transforming of the image. Optimize the images shooting for under 200KB in 
file size except for large hero images. Name the images using lowercase letters with underscores (_) between words 
and no spaces. Be sure to add ALT information to all HTML image elements.
Follow good usability and accessibility.
Incorporate UI elements such as buttons and Take advantage of free online resources such as fontawesome.com and 
www.flaticon.com.Links to an external site.
Go beyond the basics with the website. For example, include advanced features such as a web form, css animation 
and shapes drawn with css. You could also design your own illustration or
If the website calls for it, you can also use a Javascript library or framework such as React, Angular or Vue.js.
Improve the layout and design at various breaking points (i.e., phone, tablet, and desktop) by setting up media 
queries with breakpoints for desktops tablets, and mobile phones at a minimum.
e 99design website. This website is a place where clients can post projects in the form of contests to be completed 
by a community of designers. A brief is provided by the client including requirements and resources for the project. 
To explore what 99designs has to offer in the way of portfolio projects, go to https://99designs.com Links to an 
external site.and create a user account (no money involved). You will need an account as a designer to view contest briefs. 
Then go to https://99designs.com/contests.Links to an external site. Choose a category and then use the filter option to narrow 
down your search for contests as you can see below.

Description and Scope
3 to 4 pages
a home page; about us page; maybe a product, services, or inventory page, and a contact page a place for customers to upload and inspirational
 picture with a text box that can be filled with specific instructions and a means to take a payment

Significance
To provide a means of selling original environmentally thoughtful fountains and art pieces to display a water feature that 
reuses pieces that you may own or produces a product that is built for you. 

equipment needs and resources
adobe XD computer domain visual studio code
Timeline
3 hours proposal
3 hours prototype
5 hours coding
3 hours user interviews
3 hours editing and improving site according to feedback